hi I'm Sarah from the good food magazine
and I'm gonna show you how to make a
mulled wine cocktail so if you kind of
want something a bit more sophisticated
a bit cooler maybe for a kind of a party
than a big mug of hot mulled wine this
has got all the lovely flavors that you
like but in a martini glass it's very
glam so and it's a bit of a blue Pete's
won this one but it's good prepare a
head who likes making things a head so
they don't panic at the last minute okay
so what I've got in here if you can see
um I had some Muscovado sugar you could
use any brown sugar but Muscovado has
that really nice caramel kind of flavor
I put some water in a star anis can see
my star aneesa's cinnamon stick and some
cloves and basically just gently heated
it till the sugar melted and then
bubbled it for a minute just to thicken
it up a bit
took it off the heat and threw in some
sliced lemon and some slice clementines
so this would last for couple of days in
the fridge longer if you fished out the
clementines and the lemon and basically
it's just smells gorgeous smells like
mold wine you could bottle this and give
it as gifts as a mulling spice if you
want but to that so I'm going to sieve
out some of the bits and pieces do that
to a nice big jug
it's smells amazing so so that I'm going
to add a bottle of red wine something
fruity good but obviously you know don't
spend a lot of money on it I would do
what do you do when you're cooking spag
bol are you so many things
yeah let's use the best bottle of wine
or do you I'm a kind of cheerful yeah
exactly
she can scale this down if you want you
could make if he was just a couple of
you and you just wanted a couple of
glasses you could freeze the rest of the
red wine and then just use it in cooking
so I kind of put it in ice cube trays
and then just add a couple of trays into
my spagbol so I don't have to open a new
bottle of wine and things so I've got my
red wine in there and then some
Cointreau has anyone got Cointreau in
their store in now coke of it at MoMA oh
yes always like you can't make a
margarita without good fat good point
it's nice in a bit of um what am I
trying to say like in a mince pies and
stuff as well
because it's got that orange some really
smelling amazing so I'm picking about a
hundred 50 mils penny if you want to put
more you can you're giving me ideas with
the his pies and then I just chill this
down so well so I'd have this all done
again like make the mulling spice syrup
up to like two days ahead and then make
this kind of on the morning and have it
in the fridge or something just cover it
with cling film I'm just gonna give it a
good stir
I don't know your name but guy in the
dark top what's your favorite cocktail
yeah lay a mojito or Manhattan or what's
in a Manhattan this happy and cool I
can't really remember look it up
are you real foodie or more of a
cocktail man I used to work on a bar so
I did a few cocktails but we didn't do
too many because I was a busy bar and
takes a long two to make half of them
they do yeah I mean this one's a little
bit more prep but like I said you can do
it ahead but that's the problem with
some of those fancy cocktail books you
buy had about 17 ingredients aren't they
in about two hours of gotta shake this
then you got to sip that and then you
got froth
I can't be bothered all that whiskey oh
I don't I'm not a whiskey fun though
well maybe I haven't got many whiskey
ones I'm gonna tend to put pink fruit in
my cocktails
she doesn't really go with whiskey
doesn't it right so primitive prettiness
I've got two fresh star anis if you can
get the ones that are whole if you get
them from the supermarket you tend to
get half and bashed up you get about one
whole one a pot don't you but if you
ordered them online there's some places
would actually do bags just a whole star
anis which is quite good it's good tip
when I'm food styling I try and order
them from them so pretend this is lovely
and chilled
I think it's quite nice a lot because
it's just like the color of them red
wine and so your guests will be alright
red wine in a martini glass but odd then
when they taste it use crushed ice if
you got crushed ice
so you here to collect tips or just
because you like making cocktails and
interested in many tips and ones that
are easier to make you know that you can
make an advance maybe in the morning and
then by the evening it's so easy to just
put together that's the thing when
you're being a hostess or a host you
know sometimes you don't get to enjoy
your own party down home you want to do
something a bit fancier so I'm just
gonna finish this not necessary at all
but I'm just gonna finish it with some
zest from a Clementine so I've got one
of those Claus esters but don't really
use this when I'm cooking with this but
in order to make lovely curls of zest
it's really good to have one of these in
your in your kitchen drawer when you
could add a slice of Clementine to one
if you want so I do one of each just got
some nice curls if your zest isn't
curling just get a little glass of
ice-cold water and drop your zest in it
same with spring onions and they'll just
suddenly curl up that looks prettier if
it's curly yeah it does it prettier and
spring onions you know if you're doing
like duck pancakes or something Chinese
and you want them on top and they kind
of look a bit sad and flat don't they
lifting just really ice cold water and
you're instantly like curl-ups brilliant
you find all these tricks teen foods do
I think yeah it's funny because I always
think of I used to always think of the
recipes just from an eating point of
view but now I think of them from looks
an eating yeah I often draw sketches and
you know this is sort of one I would
probably draw and then be like right
what am I going to put in it what's
going to be the actual recipe so that's
it that's my chilled mulled wine
cocktail
you